feature(cSDK): Add examples for SSH tunnels usage (#177)
fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk: examples/common_patterns_for_connectors/ssh_tunnels/password_based_authentication/README.md

## **Requirements**

* [Supported Python versions](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/blob/main/README.md#requirements)   
* Operating system:
  * Windows: 10 or later (64-bit only)
  * macOS: 13 (Ventura) or later (Apple Silicon [arm64] or Intel [x86_64])
  * Linux: Distributions such as Ubuntu 20.04 or later, Debian 10 or later, or Amazon Linux 2 or later (arm64 or x86_64)

## **Getting Started**

Refer to the [Setup Guide](https://fivetran.com/docs/connectors/connector-sdk/setup-guide) to get started.

## **Features**

- Connects to a remote server over SSH using Python's paramiko library.
- Uses password-based authentication for secure access.
- Interact with service (e.g., fivetran-api-playground) over SSH.
- Handles connection errors and logs detailed diagnostics for troubleshooting.

## **Configuration File**

The connector requires the following configuration parameters: 

```
{

>   "ssh_host": "YOUR_SSH_HOST_IP_OR_HOSTNAME",

Author: Updated it.

> # **SSH Tunnel with Key-Based Authentication**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# **SSH Tunnel with Password-Based Authentication**
```

**Connector Overview**

> This example demonstrates how to connect to an SSH server using password-based authentication with the Fivetran Connector SDK. The connector securely establishes an SSH session to a remote EC2 instance running the fivetran-api-playground server and facilitates data interaction over the SSH channel. This setup makes use of passwords for authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to connect to an SSH server using password-based authentication with the Fivetran Connector SDK. The connector securely establishes an SSH session to a remote EC2 instance running the fivetran-api-playground server and facilitates data interaction over the SSH channel. This setup uses passwords for authentication.
```
